Async/Bulk API patch- Add sections about stores (#4868)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/rest/bulk-endpoints.md

    "errors": false
}
```

## Store scopes

You can specify a store code in the route of an asynchronous endpoint so that it operates on a specific store, as shown below:

```
POST /<store_code>/async/bulk/V1/products
PUT /<store_code>/async/bulk/V1/products/:sku
```

As a result, the asynchronous calls update the products on the specific store, instead of the default store.

You can specify the `all` store code to perform operations on all existing stores:

```
POST /all/async/bulk/V1/products
PUT /all/async/bulk/V1/products/:sku
```

### Fallback and creating/updating objects when setting store scopes

The following rules apply when you create or update an object, such as a product.

* If you do not set the store code while creating a new product, Magento creates a new object with all values set globally for each scope.
* If you do not set the store code while updating a product, then by fallback, Magento updates values for the default store only.
* If you include the `all` parameter, then Magento updates values for all store scopes (in case a particular store doesn't yet have its own value set).

> * If `<store_code>` parameter is set, then values for only defined store will be updated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `<store_code>` parameter is set, then values for only defined store will be updated.
```

    "errors": false
}
```

> ## Store Scopes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Store scopes
```

> Asynchronous API also can be used to work with particular store. Way of work is exactly the same as for usual synchronous REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a store code in the route of an asynchronous endpoint so that it operates on a specific store, as shown below:
```

> Store Code have to be defined before `async` prefix:

Reviewer: Delete this line and one of the blank lines around it.

```
POST /<store_code>/async/bulk/V1/products
PUT /<store_code>/async/bulk/V1/products/:sku
```

> This will lead to behaviour that only values for respective store will be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the asynchronous calls update the products on the specific store, instead of the default store.
```

> In addition can be used `all` prefix which will update values for all existed stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the `all` store code to perform operations on all existing stores:
```

```
POST /all/async/bulk/V1/products
PUT /all/async/bulk/V1/products/:sku
```

> ### Store Scopes fallback and object creation / update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fallback and creating/updating objects when setting store scopes
```

> Stores usage has a next fallback in case if it's used for creating or updating new objects. For example products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following rules apply when you create or update an object, such as a product.
```

> * If no store code is set while creating new product - new object will be created with all values set globally for each scope

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you do not set the store code while creating a new product, Magento creates a new object with all values set globally for each scope.
```

> * If no store code is set while updating product - then by fallback Magento will update values only for default store 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you do not set the store code while updating a product, then by fallback, Magento updates values for the default store only.
```

> * If `all` parameter is transferred, then values for all store scopes will be updated (in case if particular store don't have yet own value set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you include the `all` parameter, then Magento updates values for all store scopes (in case a particular store doesn't yet have its own value set).
```

> * If `<store_code>` parameter is set, then values for only defined store will be updated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you set a `<store_code>` parameter, then Magento updates values for the defined store only.
```
